hey YouTube welcome to my channel I'm
back I had a few problems with my
invisible part piece that I made so I
had to take it down and redo it these
are the two pieces what I did was I left
them on the cloth i hot glued them sit
down so they don't go anywhere now and
then I put a layer a thin layer of hot
glue there I'm gonna do is I got my
piece of cloth and you can get this car
from Walmart if you find cloth that's
close to your scalp color you can get a
yard for at Walmart probably a dollar
ninety seven and you can use that cloth
for probably 50 of these you know
invisible part pieces I'm going to hot
glue the pieces down on here here's my
hot glue gun that I got two ninety-nine
at Walmart and the sticks you can get a
hundred for 649 I believe and you can
buy 30 for $2.99
chica
I'm going to put it at the base there
press it down
I have the other piece here see what I
tried to do was because it wasn't
staying down at my hairline I tried to
put regular bonding glue there and that
did not work it was tragic but now that
I did it like this it should stay like I
said put a thin layer of hot glue there
and I have been in the shower I have
gone swimming and the whole nine and
believe you me it works that is my cell
phone ringing but we not gonna answer
that right
you can get it not at the exact tip here
I just put a thin layer there then you
won't have the palm that I had with I'm
having to you know cut the glue
and then you put it together
and this is where we're at and make sure
you have extra on the side so you can
sew that down with no problem so kind of
if that looks like so you can go
swimming in this you can get into shower
and be sexy with your mate because this
part isn't down quite good so what we do
is put some more glue there
there and if the if the cloth is close
enough to your scalp color then you
don't have to worry about you know using
your concealer foundation or anything
like that I just put some down because
it makes it look good and if a little
bit gets here then it makes it look even
more natural because you don't see it
kind of gets on the where this part is
here you can see that and then I have my
closure which the closure I'm just going
to hot glue on there also and it will
all come together I need to flat iron it
first so it will be really flat and I
just did the closures you know the
regular old way take a strip of hair put
the glue on the track roll it up and you
know find the middle and separate it and
then you flat iron it on a flat iron in
and put it on and this is what we have
and this should not come up and I mean
you might get it right the first time
when you just hot glue it hot glue the
tracks on to the cloth you might not
have to do what I did but I think I'm
just going to do this all the time just
to make sure and guarantee that it won't
come up like the problem with the
problem I had last time all right if you
have any questions let me know rate
comment subscribe and I'll talk to you
later bye